Magnetium J. Hydrogen F. Father, I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alpha Betrayal.
Very well.
Your exile ends today.
Welcome home, Water T.
The Americans! They're attacking!
Battle stations!
Come on and conquer! Zero survivors!
Father!
Son, take this thing. It's a prophecy of some shit.
I'm dying. Peace.
Water T, where are you going? There's too many of them!
Then I better crunch the numbers.
When your heart ends up, one last one makes you...
He's too dull! Retreat!
Oh yeah, little care about numbers!
Oh shit, he's crunching the numbers! I thought he was talking about taxes, but he's crunching us!
I'm a deduct your ass.
They activated the bracket shield! We can't pull up! Somebody kiss me! I don't want to die not knowing love!
Oh shit!
Little care about numbers!
Sorry I'm late. I had to go pee.
Yo, what do you know about this?
The Eye of Harmony. It holds some secret power, but it's in a language nobody can read.
You don't gotta read shit, Lithium P. It's math.
Careful, T. They won't like that kind of number talk at the palace.
We're not going to the palace. We're going to Earth.
Why? You know a math expert there?
Unfortunately, I do.
In conclusion, without math, planes wouldn't fly and elephants would forget.
What is that sound? Who is using air birds to listen to rap music?
Sorry, Mr. Goldenfold.
Detention! Class dismissed early so Morty can have instant detentions.
Oh no, I want to learn.
Gee, as Mr. Goldenfold is just a little hip-hop, it helps me concentrate.
Rap will never help anyone do anything.
Some things never change.
Ice tea? Hey, ice tea. It's me, Morty. Remember me?
Can't get shifty?
No.
And it's water tea now.
I don't give an ass if you smoke it, Robinson.
You got the balls of a clown coming back to this school without the homework you owe me.
Fuck your homework, old man. My planet's at stake.
Mr. Goldenfold, you taught ice tea math?
I tried, Morty. I sure the hell tried.
Without math, Russia would control all Rubik's cubes. Any questions?
Just one. Who gives a fuck?
I am a knight walking back-of-class talking, homework scoffing, blackboard chalking.
Look, man, I ain't here for memory-laying shit. I need this deciphered.
Hmm, early algebraic, possibly even geometric.
Yo, England.
I don't teach English, bitch. And why would I do your homework? You didn't do mine.
Because I had no home. Now I do. Help me save it.
All type strikers, attack! Kill the son of Magma Q. I want his serifs.
You're coming with me, Goldenfold.
You better be taking me to your homework. You're coming with me, Morty.
Why?
I should not release Jim.
Sorry I'm late. I had to go pee.
I know.
Well, there's new people. I thought they'd like to hear about it.
Yeah, just start the fucking ship.
I see the tales of your dope-ness have been greatly exaggerated.
Big talk from an upside-down L.
I am Sinistor Seven, and I am here to spill the tea.
Then come get me, motherfucker.
She's got a cap block!
And an ass to suck. Hit the hyphen drive.
No!
Speak.
Lord Dregnott, water tea is saved with the Eye of Harmony.
You're a number and like it. Subtract water tea from life and carry the one to move.
I won't let you down, father.
Too late.
Too late!
Oh, I love my job.
The Pythagorean theorem. I just have to figure out what A and B are, square them both, and then add them together.
Can you do that?
If I do, I want my homework.
Fine.
Why do you guys hate each other so much?
Why do all teachers hate all students, Morty?
Because you all break our goddamn hearts.
Just seems like there's more going on there.
Was he that bad at math?
No, Morty. Nobody is worse than you.
The hurtful thing about your friend back there is that at one point it seemed like he might like you.
I don't know.
Alright, it seemed like he might learn.
I am a nightmare walking psychopath talking king of my jungle just a gangster stalking stalking.
Fuck.
Look at all this non-scholastic depravity.
Refer, cheetones, and not a smidgen of homework in sight.
Yo, why are you coming in here fucking up my words?
Uh, team, maybe you ought to go back to school.
You can't keep a beat to save your ass.
Damn. My dream just died.
Here, follow this.
It's called 4-4 time.
One, two, three, four, two, three.
I am a nightmare walking psychopath talking king of my jungle just a gangster stalking, living life like a fuck.
Yo, Chuck, it's Marvin.
Your cousin Marvin D.
Hey, you know that new sound you looking for?
Well, listen to this.
I got your game, motherfucker.
Wow, you think that guy's cousin, we would stop taking his calls.
That's not the point, Morty.
You included it in your story.
But I get it. You and T were actually friends.
So what went wrong?
Nice try, Morty. You think that if I connect with you, I'll let you out of detention?
Well, you can forget it. I'm all about boundaries now.
Boundaries? I got it.
What is it?
It's a map. A squared is the length of the galaxy. B squared is the height.
So C squared takes you directly to...
Planet E-10?
Aint E-10 supposed to be where God created letters and some shit?
That's just a story we tell lowercase letters at bedtime.
Maybe there's more to it.
Why bedtime?
What?
He said it was a story you told lowercase letters at bedtime.
You never told a story during the day?
I guess I just hope that phrase bedtime would make it easier to understand that
lowercase letters are our version of children.
Oh, so you did that for me?
Well, half the people here are human. I didn't want to exclude you.
Well, you want to figure it out. It was children.
Yeah, lowercase means smaller. We get it.
It feels like I'm being punished for clarity.
Punished? Jesus, I asked a question.
So did Hitler.
What the fuck is going on? Somebody set up a caller some shit.
We need to send word to Alphabetrium.
Oxygen S. We deciphered the eye of harmony and we're headed to E-10.
That's incredible, Water T. Give me your coordinates. I'll send help immediately.
Word.
Happy to serve, my lord.
In quotes.
Secret villain.
Coming out of Albatica lightspeed and approaching planet E-10.
God damn.
Maybe it knows its home.
What the hell is happening?
Die, let her stop!
I'm sick and tired of this bullshit.
Y'all savant, count this.
Jesus Christ!
Typical letter. Acting on emotion.
You're welcome for saving your nun-
I won't let you take me alive.
Have it your way.
If you're gonna act like ignorant children, I guess the teacher's in charge.
And young lady, whoever told you numbers can't be emotional did you wrong.
On earth numbers get down.
Sometimes even whiffless.
Disgusting.
Uh-huh. See, that's what everyone says.
But then they go home and they type all kinds of shit in the porno.
Uh-oh, we're surrounded by primitive gulgas.
Okay, the primitive gulgas worship the glowing thing.
These don't always resolve this fast. We're making good time.
Scramble!
Cha-cha!
Doodle, doodle!
We can't understand you.
Obviously they want to take us to their village for an Ewok party.
Damn, making really good time.
Cha-cha!
This tribe claims the artifact comes from a religious site not far from here.
Awful, nice of you to help.
I'm simply following the rules of war as your prisoner.
Well, maybe you're hoping if you're nice, I'll let my guard down so you can take the eye.
How dare you!
I'm not a subductress.
I am a warrior.
And that's not an eye, it's a wand.
It's an eye.
You guys don't get out much, huh?
It seems kind of obvious that these scribbles are like the original species that letters and numbers came from.
So that relic thing probably isn't a wand or an eye.
It's probably just like a line.
It's symbolic of the fact that your people don't need to be at war.
How do I know you again?
Get...swifty?
Still nothing.
So mind your damn business.
At least we agree on that.
Looks like your detention is officially over.
Why?
You finally learned how hard it is to teach.
No, I didn't.
Then you learned how hard it is to learn.
I already knew...
Just go to bed, you ungrateful shit!
Cock-a-doodle!
Cock-a-doodle-doole-doole!
The eye is gone.
That bitch, Seven, took the eye.
Come on, Mr. Goldenfold.
Count me out, Morty.
I'm tired of helping that son of a bitch.
Seriously?
Feels like there's a deeper beef than missing homework here.
What really happened?
It was the summer of 1991.
Any friend of Ice Tea is welcome in my home.
And as governor, I can't wait to add that math wing to Harry Herbson High School, Mr. Goldenfold.
And I shall put it to good use, sir.
Of course you will, more baby potatoes.
Goddamn!
My love rap.
And a Grammy Award for Rap Artist of the Year goes to...
Ice Tea!
Yo, I just want to thank my words, the letters that made them, and that's it.
Nothing else. Peace!
I thought you said he'd thank math.
There must be some mistake.
Try a different channel.
The mistake was believing you even knew Ice Tea and could get me that math-loving youth vote.
Now get out of here.
I got a goddamn presidential campaign to start.
After that, my dreams faded away, like so many erections.
I mean, that sucks, but let's stop Sinister 7 and maybe it's you sort this out on the way home.
Hmm, pretty sound logic, and logic is a part of math.
Whatever, come on.
If you're pregnant, that's my cell number. I know you can't read it, but it's important I made an effort.
Nice try.
I'll dare you.
How dare you?
Oh, no.
Shit, I think when we started getting it on, that amulet showed us the truth of our origins.
My father!
Hell yeah, we're into the same sick shit, huh?
No, my father, he's here.
What's that?
Emperor Dreadnought.
The fate of the Alphabetreans is at hand.
Magma Q's legacy ends here.
How the fuck did he find us?
Betrayal revealed.
You appear to be pleased to see me, Prince Walter T.
Cold-ass motherfucker, you and Lee with Dreadnought?
How could you do us letters dirty like that, S?
My true name is not S.
On New Mariconia, they call me...
AID.
AID? Oh my god, he's a number!
Did you know? I did it!
Holy shit, I'm not even supposed to be here today.
It's my day off, for real!
That's how much I like working with these people!
Good thing your father's alive to see you fail.
He'd be so disappointed.
Motherfucker, I'm gonna shoot you in the dick.
I would like to see you try.
Villain exit.
Thanks for dragging me across the universe to be killed, Water T.
No homework doing, mother grudden.
You wanna go, old man?
I fuck you till you love me.
I'll put your kids through college.
I fucking take you to Boca Raton, you motherfucker.
He's up, Water T.
After all, you did betray Golden Forge.
You did betray Golden Fold by, uh, not thinking math at the grannies, I guess?
That's what you think happened?
Nah, G-Folds, it went like this.
Did you listen to my album, Pop?
It's nominated for a Grammy.
Yes, I heard your album.
What is this four-four-time rhythm nonsense?
It's disgusting.
You're a number-loving trader who doesn't care about anything but himself.
I never knew.
You never asked.
Here, Father.
The destiny of the numericons is mine to claim.
Everyone has to watch while I do it, too.
How does this thing work again?
Allow me, my lord.
Hold up. You just won't let this motherfucker come up with...
I don't get it.
The ultimate power of the universe is finally mine.
Hey, I am the ruler of the numericons.
The dead rule nothing.
Run, old man!
Your father was a bitch.
You shall be my general now.
Well, he was a bad father.
I am Infinity, omnivorous and God of numbers,
and I have a world of letters to describe.
I guess he doesn't need the ship anymore.
He doesn't need the ship anymore, guys.
You heard, Infinity. Move out.
We could have had something.
It was a mistake, T.
Letters and numbers could never be.
What do we do?
He's gonna destroy Alpha Beatrium.
Whatever. I don't care anymore.
Damn, T.
It's cold.
Exactly.
Goddamn!
You do remember our adventure.
Not really.
Wow!
Don't shit, T.
If we don't stop Infinity, he's gonna destroy Alpha Beatrium.
But that ooze won't put the kibosh on our space ships.
Maybe we can pull it out and upgrade it using parts of the numbers ship.
Oh, the FUKAS already did it.
Wow, the FUKAS worked fast.
Little, little level!
Damn, it's like the cliff jumper, but extreme.
It's so much fun now.
The universe is fast.
We're extremely mad.
Let's go home and bust a cap in Infinity's ass.
Wait, let me go pee first.
That way when we get there, I'll get to say,
Well, I'm not gonna spoil it.
Just two old letters!
Either up or no lowercase will survive this day!
The bracket shield has fallen.
It's an utter apostrophe!
I am bigger than letters.
I am bigger than numbers.
But balls are huge and everyone can suck my dick!
Stop! You're killing numbers!
My lord, this is too far!
Are you still fucking talking?
Here's enough before you, lady.
86, that ass.
You're fired.
Yo, suck this, bitch!
Yo, T, is that your girl?
That's twice I saved your ass.
Infinity's not mad with power.
He's killing everyone.
And every two, and every three, and every...
We get it!
I was wrong to join him.
And wrong to leave you, Water T.
Infinity killed both our fathers.
Uh-uh, I was there.
Sealing fell on him.
Father!
That ceiling was poisoned.
Oxygen S planned Magma Q's assassination for months.
All my life I've served such negative numbers.
This kid I don't know was right all along.
Finally!
It's time for the numericons to rise and join us.
How can we make the numericons rise up against him?
We'll inspire them!
Kill murder!
Why does a one hate an I?
I gotta wonder when a lowercase I is an imaginary number.
Who stands again when I shoot up a digit?
The division is conflict, but you know we gotta bridge it!
Yeah!
Ah!
Ha ha ha ha!
You think you can stop me with rap?
Ah!
More homicides than a Joe Decker hedgerous.
Number B letters to shit dinner.
To take half a numerically combined.
My G-O-C-K means the ice cold knife!
I got letters enough for a sippy time.
I fuck a hole, giving her one big sip while she screams out!
Magma Q gets wet like she gotta cry on.
My dick's three for one four feet, that's a python.
Girl I'm just scared he ain't one yet.
Affinity with one eye, that's an alphabet.
Father, you like a force ghost now?
The fuck it look like son?
I came back to help you hand infinity's ass.
You ready?
Let's kill it cops.
Infinity shit without numbers and letters.
We can blow his ass out.
If we work together, rise up!
Letters and numbers are said, rise up!
Cause you know we're all brothers.
Woo hoo!
Arise, King Magma T.
Oh damn.
My word, what a tease spitting straight fire.
He truly is King of Alphabetrium.
Infinity's too strong, nothing can defeat him.
You think?
How about this shit?
The Eye of Harmony!
Motherfuckers just left it.
How will that help us?
This thing loves when letters and numbers get down.
Come here girl, uh-huh.
Yes!
I'm gonna get you.
Come here girl, uh-huh.
Yeah, you like that, huh?
Hell yeah.
You cannot stop me, I'm infinitely infinite.
My fucking dick!
Thought I was lying motherfucker.
Oh Mr. Goldenfold, I love math.
And it loves you too Morty.
I have to warn you, I'm a prime number.
I'm only divisible by myself.
Yeah, and my dick's magma now.
But we'll figure it out.
How's that math homework coming along Morty?
It's great, it's so great.
Do you mind if I do a second test, you know, for fun?
Ha! You're weird.
And what about you sir?
There, all done.
Here's your goddamn homework old man, happy?
I'm gonna get you a little more than you can possibly imagine.
Game of the day, my people need you.
And who are you?
Ice cube of the geometry.
My planet getting all bent out of shape by the form of oars.
You numbers and letters strong enough to fight them motherfuckers.
The warriors of Alpha New Maricorne are unmatched in strength.
And we never refuse to help our brother in need.
Word, my smoke show queen speaks true.
I'm gonna get you a little more than you can possibly imagine.
My smoke show queen speaks truth.
I'll grab my shit and meet you out front.
Cool.
Oh my god!
Did you get any of that?